“The measure of intelligence is the ability to change.” - Albert Einstein
To be a successful entrepreneur, you must be flexible
and open to making changes.
Often, you may need to pivot or change your initial idea
or strategy to make your business work.
You may start by making assumptions about what needs to change,
but you need to test these assumptions with real data before
you actually pivot.
Ron has a cleaning service business.
For more than 10 years, it has been quite successful.
However in the past 6 months, the number of customers has declined.
Initially Ron thought customers were dissatisfied
with the long waiting period before getting an appointment.
He decided to hire more people in order to provide a quick turnaround.
However, this did not help.
Ron then decided to conduct a customer survey to better understand
the problems faced by his customers.
The results of his survey suggested that customers were dissatisfied
with the process of calling and making appointments.
Most people preferred the convenience of using an app
or website to schedule appointments,
especially recurring ones, as well as for making payments.
Ron created an online presence for his business and soon his business
picked up.